Add a file to describe the welcome message components (#7)
rl-institut/open_plan: CHANGELOG.md

## [_._._] - 20XX-MM-DD

### Added

> - Add description of the design of the welcome pop-up view-component (#7)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add description of the structure of the welcome view-component (#7)
```
the welcome can be a popup or a window, we don't know yet :)
